[Autogenerated] let us go back to eclipse.
How can I tell a clips that I want to add a remote repository to my get project?
Well, there is a special view for that.
So window show view other.
Select the git elements from that list.
Open the git repository.
Here we are going to move these view to here and here We
have a representation off our sample.
Get project whether the branches are local branches,
devil and master on the remote element with nothing in it.
Let us click on this remote element.
Create remote.
Let us keep the default name origin.
This is finer and select the configure push operation A.
Okay,
We need to provide you a wry for this remote repository
for that That is creek on changer.
And since I have copy pasted this your IRA, the based is automatically Donna.
When opening this window, the hostages get up That comma.
The repository pass is my user name and simple Get for parasites which is
the name of my repository and for the authentication.
A.
Since this is https,
I need to provide my user name and my password and click finish.
Now the second thing I need to do is to provide what
is called ref map Ing's in a jail.
It tells a gate what branches and what labels to push to the
remote repository razor on the matching between the local
branches on the remote branches.
Here we can click the advanced, but IRNA,
My local git is fetching information from Get Herber,
and since the guitar repository is completely empty,
it does not give me, of course,
any branch or label that would already exists in the remote repository.
If the credentials I have entered are not correct, I will not see this window.
I would be presented with another window to change my credentials.
Here I am going to push.
All the branches are on all the tags are and keep the
names as they are in my local repository.
Let us click.
Finish, they say,
is the configuration off the push operation from my local
repository to the remote repository.
So now we can save it.
If I wanted to push, I could click saving Bush.
But for now,
I'm just going to savor this information on a and you can see
that now in the remotes Noda off these you.
I have this or Aegina repository that is configured A
with a push on the pool operation.
Now I can select the push element.
Click on the push options from the pop up menu.
I have toe enter my name once again.
A since I am using https, let me click.
Ok, And now the push operation has been done.
The Devil branch has been pushed toe a devil remote branch and the master
branch has been pushed to the remote master branch.
Let us close that Check What's happening on the get part?
Let us select this repository.
Indeed.
A.
I have nine commits that have been pushed.
The nine commits I have created on my local repository
and two branches master and deviled.
And I can check also the devil branch that I have created locally.
So those other steps you need to follow to push a local repository to a remote git repository, for instance